List of Experiments + Status:

Still very far away. But there's a bibliography and you have the rough figures now - still have to run more experiments, make personalized figures, etc.
Writing takes so long. I hate it.

What to do when they sometimes fail during training?
Some of the CIFAR models did not make low loss on the small train set.
Modify the code to ignore those runs entirely I guess.
Actually, make it so that it treats them as very small volumes.
This won't impact the median results, which are really all that matter.

But median plots are less pretty. But there are cases where it doesn't train well.
Maybe average does make more sense, because the spread is more meaningful.
Need to make the leftmost point stand out - label as the naturally found minima.

Maybe CIFAR 500 larger batch sizes?
Yeah, redo, larger batch, more epochs.


Due to limited experimental resolution, poison is not that obvious for cifar.
This seems to be a real thing - doing with more finegrained didn't improve the difference.
Also the slightly poisoned models in some cases have better test loss.
Maybe we should do an experiment with more poisoned points, instead of just 10, 100, 1000
Should I redo MNIST with 200, 500, 1000?
But CIFAR also doesn't show full differences there.
OK, CIFAR poison differences are much subtler. Hard to distinguish
Should manually remove 10 poisoned points from MNIST and CIFAR, then the issue is less apparent.

Only the CNN use batch based code.
We can remove wiggle and wiggle_accuracy from our codebase.
They're only called in testing functions not currently used
Need to go to analysis testing and remove those folders too (or leave a note to fix them)

POISON:
Swiss Poison - Done! Finished all the versions of interest.
Swiss Poison Deep - Done!
MNIST Poison - Done!
CIFAR Poison - Done! Run Analysis.

Low Data
Swiss Low Data - Running.
Swiss Low Data Deep - Needs updated analysis code
MNIST Low Data - Done!
MNIST Low Data Deep - Needs updated analysis code
MNIST Low Data CNN - Needs updated analysis code
CIFAR Low Data - Needs updated analysis code - note cifar low data is batched, poison is always full
CIFAR Low Data CNN - Needs updated analysis code
Modulo Arithmetic - Prepare to run tomorrow.

Small Perturbs (Can run later, not important)
MNIST Low Data 50 - Redo with updated analysis code
MNIST Low Data Deep 50 - Needs updated analysis code
MNIST Low Data CNN 50 - Needs updated analysis code
CIFAR Low Data 50 - Needs large batch run so the graphs look nice and not odd.
CIFAR Low Data CNN 50 - Needs updated analysis code


SAM
MNIST done
Swiss done

Grokking
Modulo